polar bears travel further than any
other bears in their searches
sledging saves energy a trick soon
learned by the Cubs a single polar bear
may range 300 thousand square kilometres
an area the size of Italy this is the
greatest range of any land mammal ten
thousand times that of the Panda
polar bears are the most modern bear
having evolved from the grizzly just two
hundred thousand years ago but the
largest carnivore in the world has to be
careful she's walking on thin ice
quickly she flattens her body 400 kilo
must be spread over as much area as
possible
the lighter Cubs needn't worry
polar bears have the most sensitive nose
of any mammal they can smell a seal 30
kilometers away they eat almost
exclusively ring into seals this is the
remains of another bears meal
time to pile on the pounds it's spring
and food is plentiful when pregnant she
didn't eat for eight long months she has
some catching up to do
hungry bears are not to be messed with
even scavenging ivory gulls know the
rules
just one income bothers to investigate
snow County polar bears have a one-track
mind and it revolves around meet the
owner of the carcass returns as re a
moment for the mother
she guides her cubs away avoiding
confrontation
you